Shift to a 4 day course (#40)
bcgov/ds-intro-to-r-2-day: README.md

# Introduction to Data Science Using R

A repository to house materials for a 4 session course introducing participants to data science using [R](https://www.r-project.org/).

> The goal of this 4 session workshop is to teach _new-to-programming_ data professionals to import data, clean up and summarize a data set, and make some static data visualizations using the program R. R is a popular statistical computing language, commonly used in many scientific disciplines for statistical analysis, generating production-quality graphics, and automating data workflow tasks. The workshop content will follow best practices for using R for data analysis, giving attendees a foundation in the fundamentals of R and scientific computing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This workshop will be delivered over four half-day sessions. The goal of the workshop is to teach _new-to-programming_ data professionals to import data, clean up and summarize a data set, and make some static data visualizations using the program R. R is a popular statistical computing language, commonly used in many scientific disciplines for statistical analysis, generating production-quality graphics, and automating data workflow tasks. The workshop content will follow best practices for using R for data analysis, giving attendees a foundation in the fundamentals of R and scientific computing.
```

| Activity   | Start Time | End time |
|------------|------------|----------|

> | Session #1 | 9:00       | 10:30    |

Reviewer: Since we are calling the four half-days "sessions", then we need a different name for these - maybe modules?

Author: Oh right. Yes modules works well.
